you are now watching sky Lynx garage
door opener IQ series part 2 this video
will show how to program the law console
to begin programming press and hold the
program button for 10 seconds to enter
the programming mode first you will set
the travel limits press and hold the up
button to open the door and adjust the
door to the desired fully open position
then press set to confirm the up travel
limit now you can program the down
travel limit press and hold the down
button to close the door and adjust the
door to the desired fully closed
position then press set to confirm next
you will set up the force a indicates
auto adjustment press the up/down
buttons so a will change to one two
three four one is the lowest for setting
and four is the highest the recommended
setting is a after selecting the desired
setting press the set button now you are
programming the down for setting follow
the same procedure to select the down
force adjustments and then set to
confirm after setting the limits and
force a remote icon will flash on the
display so you can program the remote
control to add a remote press the up
button and the remote icon will stay on
press the button on the remote control
and once the remote is at it the remote
icon will flash to add another remote
you may press the up button again or to
go to the next step the clock setting
press the set button in the clock
setting mode the clock icon will be
shown the clock is displayed in a 24
hour format press the up and down
buttons to set the clock to the current
time and then press the set button last
we will set the lock timer the lock
timer allows you to disable all remote
controls from operating the garage door
opener within a specific period of time
the lock icon means that this is a time
you would like to start the lock timer
select the desired time with the up and
down button and then press set now you
see the unlock icon it means that this
is the time you would like to stop the
lock timer select the desired time with
the up and down button and then press
the set button
now there is an up icon flashing on the
display press the set to open the door
to the fully open position this is to
adjust the open force
now you see the down icon flashing on
the display press the set button to
close the door to the fully closed
position this is to adjust the close
force
after completing this you have now
finished the programming sequence the
wall console will return to standby mode
thank you for watching and purchasing
sky Lynx garage door opener